bagua Zhang is based upon the aging the
eight trigrams of the aging now most
people don't know a lot about thousand
but they know it has something to do
with yin and yang and as a matter of
fact it is probably where everyone gets
the idea of yin and Yan comes from
Taoism bagua Zhang has two things it was
first originally in monasteries where
was a spiritual development system and
developing a lot of cheek but also
taking using the movements of walking
around the circle to activate the eight
energetic bodies of people physical
energetic emotional mental psychic
karmic essence and let's say the
universal and everything it later on the
principles that were in that which
includes all of Chinese Qi Gong there is
nothing in Chinese Qi Gong that is not
in a Jing that all ended up also
becoming a martial art and I'm not going
to go into how that happened in this
particular workshop in San Francisco I'm
going to be working on the fire palm or
what they call the eight mother palms of
ba gua and the martial arts and it's not
is the fifth one it's sailing
qualification is that it really gets the
spirals of the body to come down to a
point and it is about ultimately how you
activate all the spiraling currents in
yourself and outside of yourself it is
naturally match within the Qigong system
I teach the spiraling energy body it has
whole ranges of applications and rather
than having a thousand movements about
how you twist this way and twist that
way which forms that go out the
sixty-four separated out the biggest
thing about it is that it is working how
spirals work in very very very tiny ways
and how they cause everything that
spiral literally both outside your body
in your field and every single point
inside your body and there's a whole
range of martial art applications to go
with that almost too many dimension so
that's what we're gonna be doing in San
Francisco